[Music]
guys I'm here this is the first time
that I'm at the steve job theater it's
so beautiful
so the new iPhones at the bunch of your
hardware is going to be announced today
a beautiful day to just have it lost
like the youtube squad forget the
marques we got just even getting there
it's gonna be a good day
[Music]
hey guys they came out with a peach
color
[Music]
we are going first
what's up guys my name is Sarah deechi
rhymes with peachy if you're new around
here right now I am at the Steve Jobs
theater we just wrapped up the keynote
and there's some exciting stuff to talk
about Apple released the Apple watch
series for which focus a lot on health
the display is over 30 percent larger
but the case is actually thinner and
smaller remember bezels
for now the enemies of all phones and
devices the watch can detect if you've
fallen and actually contact emergency
services and also it can take an ECG
which stands for an electrocardiogram
that doctors can use to check heart
rhythm and blood flow to the heart
muscle and also can diagnose a heart
attacks this is actually the first
over-the-counter product that people can
buy to do an ECG the new watch faces and
complications are gorgeous the new sizes
are 40 millimeters and 44 millimeters so
this is the 44 millimeter in the gold
but gold looks good the speaker is
actually 50% louder and the microphone
is now located on the opposite side of
the speaker so you won't get any
feedback when making calls it has the
same all-day battery life at 18 hours
and the digital crown now has haptic
feedback so you're really gonna feel the
response when you're turning on the
crown or turning on the Crown's dial in
on the crown shamon on the crown the
gold stainless steel is new and it looks
gorgeous
so I have like a first-generation Apple
watch ceramic white which I love so a
little sad they didn't update that they
added Wireless to the wash last year so
maybe I'll just update to that one but
the gold looks amazing the gps +
cellular models start at $4.99 for the
aluminum and $6.99 for that stainless
steel moving on to the iPhones look how
gorgeous this gold is so we have the 10s
and the 10s
max and you also have the 10r which
screen size falls right in between but
these are the beautiful OLED displays
but 10s has a 5.8 inch display and the
10s max has a 6.5 inch display both have
super retina OLED displays the size of
the 10s max is actually comparable to
the iPhone 8 but the 10s max is all
screen the tennis max has an additional
hour and a half hours of battery life
over the iPhone 10 the iPhone 10s and is
a 12 ionic ship with next-generation
neural engine means faster face ID a
great gaming experience and a smarter
camera with the smart HDR and dynamic
depth of field which I'm pretty excited
about smart HDR means your pictures are
going to have a wider dynamic range and
you'll have fewer blurry pictures
hopefully due to the zero shutter lag
what's really cool is we now have the
ability to adjust the background blur or
bokeh
you can adjust the blur from F 1.4 to
what it would look like to up to f-16 so
you get higher on the f-stop and you're
gonna get more of that background in
focus the Samsung has actually had this
in their phone since the note 8 so I'm
very excited to compare what it looks
like they just call it background blur
I'm very excited to do that video you
guys want a comparison test bokeh a boca
battle bokeh battle apple has also added
image stabilization to that seven
megapixel selfie camera hopefully no
more blurry selfies guys so you can
upgrade the 10s to up to 512 gigabytes
of internal storage so that means almost
like 200,000 pictures holy smokes but
that's going to have a hefty price tag
attached at one thousand four hundred
and forty nine dollars but oh my gosh
five hundred and twelve gigs I could
shoot so many videos so many selfies the
biggest difference between these two
phones are of course the display is
bigger but the 10s max has one hour
extra of battery life and the other cool
thing which is definitely worth
mentioning it has a dual SIM so you can
have two phone numbers and two phone
plans so this third iPhone is the iPhone
10 R which comes in six different colors
in the price starts at 749 now guys they
released a peach-colored iPhone it's I
mean they call it coral but it's peach
colors so I feel like it needs to be the
new official Sarah peachy phone and the
only thing is the 10 RS you know they
only have that one camera but it seems
like a lot of the specs are still packed
into that phone so I don't know that one
camera on the back of the ten ara is the
same wide 12 megapixel camera that is on
the 10 s's and it also has the same
selfie camera even though it only has
one camera it still has that portrait
mode so I'm curious to see if there are
differences between the two it has a 6.1
inch LCD display so the size actually
falls in between the 10s and the 10s max
because of the LCD screen there is no 3d
touch but it has haptic touch which
means it's not necessarily how hard you
touch but how long you press and hold
those things on your home screen all
these cameras have better low-light
performance and extended dynamic range
and you're also going to be able to
capture stereo audio which is actually
pretty cool and I look forward to
testing it out I hope you guys enjoyed
this video this is actually my first
trip to Steve Jobs theater it was so
special for me and yeah I got a selfie
with Tim Cook so I can just die happy
now I guess make sure like this video
smash that subscribe button down below
for new videos every single week this
husband's for real guys until next time
stay peachy stay Coral
year-old just mute the audio welcome
[Music]
Kitty thank you so much for helping
filming we got some good you got that
they can begin by not sick but again
will shows a macro shot guys that was
her so not only subscribe to me but go
subscribe to Kitty description below
thank you
[Music]